Doc drop in 3rd party modules (#5548)
canonical/cloud-init: doc/rtd/reference/cli.rst

.. note::

>    What `clean` cleans can be supplemented / customized. See:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   What operations `clean` performs can be supplemented / customized. See:
```

Reviewer 2: Heh, I find the suggested change a bit confusing too. My bikeshed is `The operations performed by `clean` can be ...`

Author: Applied, thanks.

>    :ref:`custom_cleaners`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :ref:`custom_clean_scripts`.
```
